Changed PHP requirements to version 7.3 (#92)
s9y/s9y.github.io: docs/users/getting-started/fresh-installation.md

For full operation, Serendipity relies on .htaccess files that your Virtual Host must allow. For Apache, this requires the `Allow Override File Info Indexes Limit` (or `Allow Override All`) option set to the directory of your Serendipity installation.

> Serendipity requires PHP \>= 8.0 and fully enabled and working Cookie Session support. It requires the PCRE and xml extension, and optionally makes use of the GD, iconv, zlib and mbstring extensions. Serendipity is fully PHP 8.x compatible and encourages the use of PHP bytecode compilers like APC, Zend Cache or ionCube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serendipity requires PHP \>= 7.3 and fully enabled and working Cookie Session support. It requires the PCRE and xml extension, and optionally makes use of the GD, iconv, zlib and mbstring extensions. Serendipity is fully PHP 8.x compatible and encourages the use of PHP bytecode compilers like APC, Zend Cache or ionCube.
```
